[Music]
take this simple test to find out what
your true body type is imagine this you
go to the gym three times a week do
every exercise you can to keep your body
in shape but it's just not working
why are you missing something the truth
is there are three body types out there
and each one of them has a training plan
that works best so do you want to know
your true body type and the exercises
that'll help you achieve your dream body
within weeks then it's test time but
before you grab a pen and piece of paper
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
and turn on this little notification
bell now you won't miss a thing but
enough chitchat
let's get started okay we have seven
questions for you for each of them
you'll get three answer options a B or C
write down your letter for every
question the letter that you answer with
the most will reveal the truth about
your body type are you ready let's go
[Music]
question number one when you were a
child your body was a thin and even kind
of bony be average your athletic C
really cute and squishy question number
two your chest measurement is a under 37
inches B between 37 and 44 inches C over
44 inches question number three it's
usually a quite difficult for you to
gain both muscle and fat even if you end
up gaining a couple of pounds your body
fights to go back to its normal weight
be easy for you to gain muscle but not
so easy to gain fat C not a problem for
you to put on muscle or gain a couple of
pounds
question number four your shoulders are
a narrower than your hips be the same
width as your hips see wider than your
hips question number five your friends
would describe you as a excited and
competitive be observant and sensitive
see relaxed and social question number
six your body resembles the shape of a
nothing really it's pretty much straight
up and down be an hourglass see a pear
question number seven wrap your hand
around your wrist in this position your
middle finger and your thumb a overlap B
touch but just barely see don't touch at
all and there you go
the test is complete count all your ace
B's and C's and find out what your
dominant letter is all done well here
are the results you've been waiting for
if your answers are mostly a you have an
ectomorph body type this means that you
probably have narrow shoulders and hips
and a thin and narrow face chest and
abdomen the ideal method of training for
you is to do split training and use one
or two body parts in each workout to
target different muscle groups stick to
doing this exercise about five to ten
times don't go too crazy with your
training though it's extremely important
for you to have a good rest between your
sessions but don't relax too much either
your workouts should become more and
more intense as you get used to them
don't forget to change your workout
routine every month or so you have quite
a high metabolic
great so you should sleep for at least
eight hours each night if it's possible
try to take naps throughout the day to
remember that if you're not feeling well
or you're just feeling tired it's okay
to skip your workout when it comes to
your eating habits it's better for you
to eat five to seven small meals a day
or every two and a half to three hours
be sure to increase your protein intake
as well your menu should consist of 25
to 30% protein about 50% carbohydrates
and 20 to 25% fats the best food choices
for you are beans corn yams oats pasta
brown rice and whole grain foods and how
could we forget about water 2.5 liters a
day should be your go-to amount it's
crucial for your body to rest and have
time off and you can always do this
through meditation or yoga if you've
never tried it don't hesitate to add
these practices to your life as soon as
possible
you'll see a difference right away one
of the biggest downsides of being an
ectomorph is that you can get exhausted
pretty easily but it's okay as long as
you don't put too much pressure on
yourself if your answers under the
letter B were your preferred ones
welcome to the mesomorph club you
probably have broad shoulders and a
narrow waist little fat and a pleasantly
muscular body go you your body responds
best to training involving heavy and
basic movements and shaping exercises
the more different the exercises are in
your workout plan the better the results
try to vary the intensity of your
training sessions to three to four weeks
of high-intensity workouts should always
be followed by three to four weeks of
lower intensity workouts doing each
exercise eight to twelve times will be
enough the best exercise for your body
type includes stair climbing treadmills
and stationary bikes
your sleeping schedule should include
seven and a half to nine hours of daily
sleeping just like ectomorph mesomorph
shouldn't workout when they feel sick or
tired your body is pretty great the way
it is and one day off won't make
get any less amazing as for your eating
habits there are some specific options
for you let's start with protein its
intake should be at least one gram per
pound of your weight you can take it a
little higher with carbohydrates making
them about sixty percent of your total
number of calories but don't do the same
thing with fats limit them to no more
than fifteen to twenty percent a day
adding skinless chicken turkey fish and
egg whites to your meal plan will help
you solve this problem the main thing
you should do is listen to your body
don't exercise too much as it can lead
to all kinds of injuries and other awful
consequences just be patient and keep
working with time you'll slowly start to
see all the results you've been waiting
for finally if you went for the letter C
you are a true endomorph people with
this body type have wide hips narrow
shoulders and a wide bone structure
endomorphs tend to gain weight easily
because of their slower metabolism but
it's losing weight that's a real problem
for them their body tends to store fat
and this hides their muscle gain because
of all this you as an endo morph need to
work out more frequently plan your
workout so there will be at least two to
three exercises for each body part you
should repeat the exercises nine to
twelve times for your upper body and 12
to 25 times for your legs and calves
just like ectomorphs you need to change
your workout plans but even more
regularly the perfect way to do this is
to go with a new training session every
third workout high-intensity should also
become your best friend
you should relax for no more than sixty
Seconds between sets if you want to get
a perfectly toned body as you have a
slower metabolism sleep isn't an issue
for you still keep it at seven and a
half hours every day your diet should be
quite strict to keep your fat intake low
avoid late-night snacks count your
calories and eat smaller meals you can
follow pretty much any diet you
but remember to consult your doctor
before hand however no sodas or alcohol
just as with any other body type 2.5
liters of water is all you need you
should always remember that movement is
life the more you move the easier it'll
be to lose all those unwanted pounds try
to be more active go hiking with your
friends ride your bike at the weekend
start swimming or get involved with
martial arts the choice is yours just
don't let yourself be lazy and do
nothing it's no good for your body or
your social life if you got an equal
amount of answers for more than one
letter that means you're a combination
of two body types it's not uncommon on
the contrary finding each body type in
its pure form is rare the most typical
and popular combos are the ectomorph
mesomorph and mesomorph endomorph now
that you know the descriptions for each
body type try to plan your workouts
based on the advice you've seen for your
types in particular if you have weak
legs pay more attention to them if
you're worried about your arms go for
exercises that will make them stronger
just keep looking for different workout
plans and trying new things eventually
you'll understand what works best for
your body so what's your body type were
you surprised by your results tell us in
the comment section below if you enjoyed
this video give us a like and share it
with your friends to help them plan
their training sessions as well hit the
subscribe button if you want to hang out
on the bright side of life more often
we'll see you soon
you